--- TRANSCRIPT ---

 This is the final stage. Hello and welcome to the highlights of the final match of the  Asia Cup 2025 played between arch rivals India and Pakistan in Dubai.  Pitch looks quite dry and as a lot of cracks will assist the spinners, batting conditions  will improve in the second innings.  This captain, Surya Komar Yadav, won the toss and decided to bowl first.  Let's have a look at the playing 11 of both the sides.  For Pakistan, Sayyam Ayub, Saib Zadha Farhan and Fakhar Zaman in the top order.  Bowling attack of Shaheen Afridi, Haris Rauf and Abdrar Ahmed.  The Indian team with three changes overall. They have a solid batting order with Abhishek  Sharma, Sanju Samson, Shubhan Gill and Tilak Verma in the side.  Jaspeed Bumrah will lead the bowling attack with Kuldi Piyadav and Varun Chakravarti.  All to play for in this final contest to attain the Asian glory. Let's head straight to the action.  The two openers for Pakistan, Jaspeed Bumrah is playing today but it will be Shivam Dubey  who will bowl the first over.  It's a big ask from Dubey to just come and take a new ball only playing with two seamers.  Dubey is one of those cricketer who can bat also, the length in the batting India.  But big responsibility on his shoulder to bowl well with the new ball.  Left hand, right hand combination up front from Pakistan, Fakhar Zaman and Saib Zadha Farhan.  Saib Zadha Farhan is in very, very good nick.  He's been in good nick for the last whole year.  Shivam Dubey will take a new ball. 40 games, 18 wickets, economy rate on the higher side.  But it's a big pressure, pressure game.  Bowling with the new ball for the first time.  Shivam Dubey.  So all set.  The Shivam Dubey will bowl the first ball.  So Farhan and Fakhar Zaman opening.  It'll be interesting to see the pace of this pitch.  There's not much grass on the surface.  The ball will come on to the bat when it's hard and new but might just slow up after that.  He gets hold of this. It's up in the air.  And one bounce over the rope. So the first boundary of the final.  Adjusted well there.  Dubey saw him coming.  Balled it a little shorter.  But a boundary to end the over.  This is a meaty blow.  And it's gone the distance.  Over the top. Nicely played. That's an important boundary.  Sex done. Power play finished. 45 for none.  Hit that beautifully.  He's dined out on that one. He's hit it for sex.  That's a great way to finish the over.  11 from it. Seven done.  56 for none.  Swings that away. Deep over Midwicket.  6-4 Fakhar.  It's in a way. Backward a point.  It should come back for two.  It will come back for two.  And a fifth. T20.  Half century.  Four subs out of Fakhar.  His second against India.  And at a very important time.  Gone up.  And it's gone long.  And long enough.  Six more.  Now straight to Deep Midwicket.  To that bottom.  I think it is out there at Deep Midwicket.  And Varun Chakravarti.  Has got India's first.  And boy did they need that.  You can see that.  Not a shot.  Bounce a little bit more as well.  Didn't quite middle it.  Peran.  Yes.  He, understandably,  is upset with himself.  He was batting so well.  Pakistan would have wanted him to carry on.  Gone for 57.  84-4-1 into 10th over.  And it will be time for drinks as well.  And same ove.  Pulls this one.  There is a man in the deep.  Can't get around.  And can't save the four either.  Let's have a look in the replay.  It was a quicker delivery.  And then, like I said,  it went up in the air.  And a very good catch by Jasmin Krumra.  Had back for Twine.  A very important breakthrough for India.  This, this stage of the game.  Went into 13th over.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  Kuldeep gets his first wicket.  And Simon Ute pass for 14.  Pakistan 113 for 2.  Looks a good shot by the fielder.  Has come around.  And will take the catch.  Aksel Patel has struck for India.  Rinku Singh takes the catch.  The ball didn't turn.  And went straight to mid-off.  And good catch by Rinku Singh.  Easy as you like.  And Pakistan under pressure now.  Absolutely under pressure.  Third wicket gone for Pakistan.  Harris goes for 2 runs.  In fact, without scoring any.  114 for 3.  It's gone again.  Might just go all the way.  Too high and too long for Supangil.  Great strike from Fokker Zaman.  Under pressure.  Slice it.  And taken.  Fokker Zaman is gone.  Warren Chakraborty the man.  Busted a little wider.  But a delivery outside.  He played that shot.  Got the top edge.  And a very simple catch.  Kuldeep Yadav took the catch.  They got a very important wicket of inform batter.  Fokker Zaman gone for 46.  Pakistan now.  Later under pressure.  126 for 4.  This is a wicket.  Another wicket has scored in here.  Akshar Patel.  Has got a second.  And suddenly Pakistan losing their way.  Let's have a look.  Slow delivery.  Not turning.  He made his mind before the ball deliver.  Are going to go slow sweep.  And beautifully bowled.  Good variation.  Slow the pace.  Top edge. Easy catch.  Hussein Tullar pass for 1.  131 for 5.  11 other bobbly.  Sanjeev Samson has called everyone else off it.  He wants it. It's gone high.  He takes it.  Beautiful bowling.  Ball gripping a little bit.  And then with the open.  Base of the blade hitting straight up in the.  In for.  Samson to do the rest of the job.  Pakistan tumbling.  Pakistan all over the place.  Have gone for it.  Pakistan losing his sixth wicket.  For 1.33.  That one's close.  Well there's an appeal there.  Cool deeps interested here.  This was the wrong one as well.  It was straighter.  Is it doing enough just to clip that leg stump?  This one has been given not out.  Could try again.  They do. They do.  Over to the television umpire.  It is rolling through.  It is rolling through.  Police.  You know the back.  They are satisfied.  No back in goal.  Go to ball batter when ready please.  Go to ball batter when ready please.  Ball batter is coming.  Solar vision is not out.  Hitting outside off.  Impact line.  Wicket is hitting.  Go back to the club.  Go home and change the.  Policy is not out to.  Stand by.  Camera.  Well had fourth wild swings did.  Shaheen none of them connected.  Now here's how.  LBW and cold.  2. It is last over. Shayna Freeti gone without scoring. Pakistan in further  trouble at 134 for 7.  Another one. There we go. Tillik Worma the man at mid-off. And what an over.  Third wicked in this over.  Slow it's looped up. Fahim thinks I'll have some of that but it's straight to Tillik Worma.  Down at long off. He is one of the best in the Indian side and holds onto it comfortably.  They've crumbled from 113 for 1 to 134 for 8.  Harris Ruff gets his innings under way with a cultured edge down the third before.  Oh it's not going to happen. Wakkar nails the Yorker.  7 off the over and look what Bumrah did. His master of balling that those Yorkers  another one bites the dust. Pakistan losing their ninth wicked.  Harris gone for 6. It's 141 for 9.  Hits it high hard straight out to deep mid-wicket and taken. Rinkusin with the catch.  Pakistan bowled out.  They've gone from 113 for 1 to 146 all out in no time.  33 for 9. Pakistan they were going well. They started really really well but  full marks to this Indian team and the skipper.  On the Pakistan fans faces they had high expectations after the start from Sobzada Fahan  with his 57 and Wakkar Zaman with 46 off 35 who played well.  Apart from that 14 from Samo, the rest is a telephone number.  Nothing for Shivam Dubey but he did a good job opening up with the new ball.  Bumrah with a couple. Varun Chakravarti with 2. Akshapatel with 2 and Kuldeep with 4 but  look at the bottom line. 84, 113 and then an absolute procession of wickets for Pakistan to be bundled  out for 146 and 19.1 overs. The DP World Asia Cup final on the line. India won the toss,  sent Pakistan in debate and that is the task in front of this powerful Indian side.  147 runs needed to take the title from their 20 overs.  There's the 280 batsman, Gil Anabashek. The other two men are going to be taking guard  against Shaheen Chawafridi right at the top. It'll be interesting to see what the first  ball is going to be this time around from Shaheen Chawafridi.  197.66 the strike rate, mind blowing. That's astonishing really is he's got something  of other end who hasn't got too many runs so far but he's a wonderful player. We know that 142  is his strike rate and cricketer too, Shreemun Gill of course the Red Bull captain but he's the  man that's going to have to try and set a serious tone.  The 3D versus Anabashek.  Plan missing, advancing, going down the track, looking to get back over his head, first ball.  To the bat pretty hard but it's hit the bat beautifully and that's gone for four straight away.  Exquisite timing but there you are. No risk taken but playing really well  now he's had to drag that a bit of a slower delivery out Wicke first up for him.  Ashraf has struck that's all they wanted that got Abashek eventually that is massive  and not surprising really not surprising seeing the way he batted that first over  he was always going to be taking that big risk and like I kept kept saying do not open the door  just get off to a solid start you don't have to get up to a 50 runs in the six overs kind of start look  at that simple catch and the big man the man that they are worried about he goes. Abashek Sharma has  gone for five, seven for one.  The captain, Chirikumar Yadav in at number three.  In the air, out, out, now it's out. Couple of juggles, captain's taken that.  Skipper for Pakistan is happy, Skipper for India has gone nowhere.  Yes, keep it rolling through, game by game, yes.  Yes, fingers are underneath the ball, ball carry to the hands. I have a decision to the giant screen.  Out it is.  Big, big Wicke that massive Wicke, two massive Wicke to Pakistan.  Yes, India is taking it casually. India thinks that 147 is no score.  Oh, it's a nice shot, it's a lovely shot. Really nice he played, that is a real talent from Gil.  He wants more, he's gone over the top, now he's out. Good catch from Harris Ralf.  He's got his second now, that is another big Wicke. Pakistan will be delighted with the  star they've had here and their spectators are right behind them. They're throwing it away.  India are just throwing this match away. That is all one can say, you've just hit a boundary,  you've got eight runs from the over and yet to go out and play this kind of a shot.  India are throwing this match away. 20 for three, Gil gone for 12, Boro was bold.  Slow delivery and look what happens. Very good catch, timing is jumped to perfection.  Harris Ralf, Bahim Ashraf getting another Wicke and in the power play,  two more overs of the power play, India have lost their three Wicke.  Guys for a dozen, 20 for three.  Sweet, very sweet from Sanju Samson. He's easing it into it.  Again, nicely timed, ball racing away to the boundaries.  They've picked that beautiful six. What a shot that is, just starting in line  and a fill up, one more on to it in a flash. It's a boundary and now six.  Swept and swept well. Splits a field.  Oh nicely put away.  It's got fast hands. Sanju Samson generates a lot of back speed.  Hasn't time it. There's a chance here.  Dropped it. Reach with both hands.  Strike and ball and it's flat back and that could be a six.  And that's a terrific shot.  It's gone for the big one and enough back on that one to take it all the way.  Might be now, might be now top edge from Sanju Samson, a bra.  There's got one. Partnership broken.  Excellent balling, a little bit slow in pace, allowed,  or give the ball a chance to spin or land it on the seam and look how the ball spun.  One. Comfortable catch, Sabzad Aibre, Burhan Abegyapadhan  and Pakistan desperately needed a wicket and they got Sanju Samson back in the heart for 24. 77 for four.  Hit hard. Thaisan and four for Shivam Dubey.  Another boundary. Beautiful shot. Slow delivery but two full. Excellent shot.  Swung away and all the way for six. Terrific over from India's point of view.  17 coming from it. The hundred up with five to go.  And that is sailing over deep midwicket. Just compounding the problems now for Pakistan.  Just playing around with the baller and that's Telegrama's 50. What a wonderful knock  in a circumstance. Tough conditions. 111 for four.  It's a low full toss. It's been beltered and it's been beltered for six.  That's a great shot. It's exactly the waiting for something loose and it's disappeared.  Oh, he's hit that pretty well. That's a really good shot. Yeah, that's great.  That's a really good shot indeed. Why did the man long on had to go and fetch that one?  Short delivery. Hit it strong. Flat for four. One bounce.  Hard down the ground. Should be taken. Afridi's there. Takes the catch.  Important wickets. Dubey's play to Pervley. Now he's gone. Pakistan is celebrating.  That is big. Ideal time right now to get that wicket.  Perfect time. A good finish of the last ball. It was a good over till then.  Yes, again, rolling his fingers back off a length. Could reach or time that one.  Comfortably taken on the boundaries. A tall man. Takes the catch.  And an important partnership being broken. This is still anybody's game  with ten needed from six. It's 137 for five.  Worked that nicely and it's gone for six. What a shot that is. Brilliant under pressure.  What a temperament. The pull-off shots like this  in a huge game. A pressure game. And do it so calmly, so composed.  This is magnificent. He's come right out of the screws.  And he's picked the bones out of that one as he smashes it into the crowd.  He knows the importance of that hit. What it does, it's just too needed now for India.  Down the ground. The scores tied. And just one needed from three with Rinku Singh on strike.  And bang. It's over. It's India who win the Asia Cup. For the ninth time it's been a thrilling final.  Rinku Singh. First game of the tournament. One ball he plays. Puts it away to the boundary.  And a huge sigh of relief in that dugout. And have a look at Dilak Barma. He's a national hero  with this kind of effort.  India magnificent work and winning the Asia Cup 2025. Congratulations to India.  Let's look at the Nats summary. Pakistan batting first. Been asked about first after India won the  toss. 146 they got. They were going beautifully at one stage. They were 113 for one. They lost  their last nine wickets for 33 runs. Kordi was outstanding. Picked up three wickets and  he's lost over as well. Barma picked up a couple at the right time. Aksabee heard from now also picked  up a couple. An Indian reply 150 for five. And got home with two balls to spare with  Tilak 69 out of 53 the top scorer. And for him 3 for 29. So congratulations to India.  They are the champions of course. They'll be delighted with this victory winning the Asia Cup.